I want to understand.
How will you move our money?
Well, I can be on site within 12 hours
to begin withdrawing funds
from your Caracas accounts.
I convert to bonds as an air gap safeguard
so the liquid capital
cannot be electronically tracked.
I then reconvert for deposit
and the funds
are controlled here digitally.
You can access your accounts
from anywhere.
What guarantees do we have?
Of safety? Security?
-Your reputation precedes you, but--
-We are not men you fail.
Gentlemen, nobody can rob a bank
that's always on the move.
Our portfolios.
You protect them with your life.
You understand?
I do.
I shall begin setting up
your accounts immediately.
In the meantime,
an attendant will be in with beverages.
[dramatic music playing]
Mierce has worked wonders for you, Weecha.
Your recovery so far
is absolutely remarkable.
What you both have accomplished
is a miracle.
Maybe it's time to get back to work?
Weecha. You were nearly dead a week ago.
You need to continue to rest.
Eat good food.
Take naps.
Read a book. Listen to music.
I belong out there with you.
You belong here
getting stronger with your sister.
If she'll stay.
I'm getting the cold shoulder.
She told me she still thinks
this place is no good.
For whom?
Any of us.
She needs time.
She said that a fire ceremony
may help guide her path.
A fire ceremony?
In an Airstream?
Exactly what does one of those entail?
-Can you can do it outside on the grill?
-Raymond. Stop it.
She said she needs to consult
the other side for guidance.
Who on the other side?
And what other side?
Mierce, we're right here.
-[knocking on door]
-Yes!
-Marvin.
-Hello. Oh.
Oh. This must be the famous Mierce.
Hello, I'm Marvin.
Raymond has told me so much about you,
and how glad he is that you're back.
Raymond says a lot of things.
Did I come at a bad time?
I've experienced hostage situations
that are less tense than this trailer.
I keep visiting and the trailer seems
to keep getting smaller and smaller and...
I don't know, I guess time will tell.
Keep your fingers, legs and eyes crossed.
But I sent you on a chase. I hope
it wasn't of the "wild goose" variety.
Uh...
This is a statement
of the bank account in question.
The same one used to pay for the murders
of the Lacroixs and Reggie Cole.
You were right.
It's an account at Caelum Bank.
Heaven's vault.
Marvin, I haven't done any banking
with Harris Gramercy in, what?
Years.
No new accounts have been opened.
You still hold several accounts
on that plane.
Those are still active?
Yeah. We never closed them.
No place is safer for those funds.
Fair point.
Someone had access to this account
and paid for those murders.
And they may also be responsible
for the death of Kate's sister, Maureen.
The problem is it's a joint account.
Electronic petty cash
accessible worldwide
for operational expenses.
Do you know how many of our people
had access? Where do we start?
We start on the plane.
The scary call is very much coming
from inside the house.
So you reached out to me?
Well, we've had experience
together with Caelum Bank.
Before you take on Gramercy,
you better be sure.
Someone paid for the deaths
of Reggie Cole,
Tyson Lacroix, Michelle Lacroix,
and used a Reddington account to do it.
This same someone
blackmailed Harold Cooper
and is almost certainly responsible
for Elizabeth's death.
And probably the same for Maureen Rowan.
Look into my eyes.
I believe every word of it.
That's your assurance.
It's a bank on a plane.
Actually, several planes
with one main branch,
with a man named Harris Gramercy
as the chairman, president
and head teller.
It operates like a ghost plane.
No flight plans filed
and no GPS transponder.
On top of which,
its onboard servers are protected
from outside interference
with elliptic curve cryptography.
No one is hacking their way in.
I've never been this close to an answer.
I'm inches away, and I can't get it.
I need Harris Gramercy
to tell me who accessed that account.
You and I both know
he's the only person who can.
Caelum works under strict secrecy.
Both the accounts and clients
are identified by numbers.
Only verified clients may access accounts.
Val Messick was paid
to kill the Lacroixs and Cole.
He was paid
with Reddington's account 4626329.
So we just need the number
of the client who accessed it.
That's not gonna be enough.
We need to match a number to a name.
You can't force Gramercy to give you info.
Who said anything about forcing?
By the time I'm finished,
he'll give me what I want.
You're gonna run a con
on the president of Caelum Bank?
I can't very well put a gun to his head.
Not with the friends he has.
Once we get him on the ground,
I'm sure Harris will be reasonable.
If we help you with this,
once this is over, the FBI keeps him.
Whatever. What do I care?
You're losing focus.
Gramercy isn't the goal.
Finding Elizabeth's killer is.
My focus is clearing Cooper's name.
If the information on that plane helps
to vindicate that man, that's my goal.
So how do we ground him?
Raymond has a plan.
But the FAA isn't going to like it.
Hey. Can we talk? I have news.
Of course. But we need to get on it
to find this plane.
Right. Sorry. I heard from Main Justice.
They processed your review
and they're revoking your field status
due to medical liabilities.
I can't let you work this case,
at least not in the field.
You know, I was talking
with a friend recently
about the first time I ever
flew on this plane.
That was a turbulent ride then.
Of course,
that's also a turbulent friendship now.
I guess no matter where you are,
you should prepare for rough air.
Hmm. You have a lot of money in this bank,
which is why I was obligated
to take this meeting.
So...
what can I do for you?
I need a favor, Harris.
Oh. What's this? A cricket score?
You know what it is.
You have every account on this plane
locked up
in that safe deposit box mind of yours.
That one belongs to me.
I need the name of the last person
who made a withdrawal from that account.
It's your account. You should know.
It is my account.
So you should have no problem
telling me who made the withdrawal.
You know the rules.
No names.
-If my clients found out--
-I'm a client.
It's my money.
Why would anyone else care?
If I were to give out one name,
the perception would be
that I'm likely to give out others.
If someone is accessing your money,
it's because they had permission from you.
If you don't know who that is, I'm afraid
there's nothing else I can tell you.
[tracker beeping]
[Ressler] How's the tracker?
We've got him pinpointed within a meter.
You want me to what?
Under Title 2 of the Intelligence Reform
and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004,
the FBI has authority to investigate
threats to national security pursuant--
What language are you speaking?
As acting director of an FBI task force,
I have a credible threat
of terrorist action to U.S. Route 1.
-The Overseas Highway?
-Ground all flight traffic now.
I've got six flights leaving Key West.
I've got a billionaire landing
in Key Largo,
and I got a soccer team in Marathon.
-You want me--?
-Ground them all.
Or my next call will be to the Air Force.
We can start with a plane
that's not on your ground radar.
I have its coordinates.
[pilot] Uh, excuse me, sir.
We were just informed we're currently over
United States air space and must land.
Have they told you why?
No. But we were encouraged to comply
under threat of the U.S. Air Force.
Well, then, by all means, comply.
Copy that.
[clears throat]
Perhaps we should drink up.
Is this a problem?
Mm.
No, nothing that a little talk or time,
or perhaps a small donation can't fix.
I'm not entirely comfortable
with an unscheduled stop like this.
It's better than an F-16 blasting
us out of the sky.
This feels unsafe.
Please fix it promptly.
I just need a moment to speak
to whoever's in charge.
FBI!
We have a credible threat.
Had to ground all air traffic.
If you gentlemen will give us a second,
we'll inspect your plane
and have you on your way.
Happy to assist a U.S. agency.
Wait, I know your face.
I know who you are.
You're Raymond Reddington.
Me? I don't know that name.
Redmund Rillington? I don't know.
[Ressler]
Everyone on this plane is under arrest.
[Raymond] What the hell is happening here?
Hello, Val.
How you been?
You're the fed who arrested me.
So what?
You come to personally
escort me to detention?
See this?
I'm not escorting you anywhere.
You're not going to jail.
This is a transfer order
to Witness Protection
because you snitched
on the people who hired you.
I didn't say anything.
This says you did.
We had you on triple homicide,
so you must've really given up the goods.
-What are you doing?
-You get handed over to WitSec,
they begin your paperwork for induction,
that process is long enough
that anyone paying attention,
like the person who hired you
can get word that you snitched.
Then WitSec follows up with me,
and I suddenly have no record
of you helping on an active case.
That's when you're cooling
your heels in central detention.
You, a known snitch, sitting in gen pop
the length of time it takes
for me to make up my mind.
That's a death sentence.
I'm a man with a lot to lose.
I don't care about you.
Now, I could misplace this piece of paper.
Then you go to trial
like you're supposed to
and no one is the wiser.
Triple homicide?
You'll be big man on campus.
You might even make some friends
to keep you safe.
What do you wanna know?
Who hired you and everything
you were paid to do. Spare no detail.
I never got a name.
You know what I was paid to do.
This van is leaving in five minutes, Val.
Where do you want it to take you?
Okay.
There was one thing.
After I killed Michelle Lacroix,
I was supposed to go to the Lacroix house.
But you arrested me first.
And do what at the house?
Burn it to the ground.
And start the fire near Lacroix's desk.
I've had nightmares that begin this way.
I'm in federal custody.
My plane impounded...
full of the most sensitive
banking data in the world.
-What the hell are we gonna do?
-Calm down.
Federal or not, they're all just cops.
-I can get us out of here.
-How?
Haven't been given our phone call yet.
A while ago,
I won a game of roque against
the lieutenant governor of Florida.
He owes me a huge favor.
One call gets the both of us out of here.
Or just me.
I'm not giving up a client to you.
If the FBI starts poking
around that plane,
-you'll be giving up more than that.
-Oh.
You're a real villain, aren't you?
This villain can have you airborne
within the hour.
One name seems a small price
to pay for your freedom.
[Harris] You know what?
This situation,
as sudden and horrible as it is,
seems to have greatly improved
your ability to make requests, hasn't it?
What are you trying to say?
Under no circumstances known to God or man
will I cooperate.
Well, now you're being unreasonable.
It doesn't expose any of your clients
to tell me about a transfer
from my own account.
No, it exposes me.
Because I represent something. Trust.
Trust in me.
Trust in my bank.
People come to me,
not just to protect their money,
but to protect their secrets
and I do not divulge names.
I am a man of my word.
And I'm a man of mine.
You should reconsider, Harris.
-Is that a threat?
-I'm Redmund Rillington.
I don't have to make threats.
I just have to speak.
This entire arrest is a sham.
Were those even real agents earlier?
I've got nothing to fear.
Just the man in this cell with you.
It was a nice speech you gave.
All that trust and trusting.
But you're certainly
no paragon of virtue, Harris.
I know where the money
in your bank comes from.
Criminals. War lords. Drug dealers.
Bankers and politicians
who've defrauded nations.
Shall we find out if this 9 mm is a sham?
Go to hell.
Gee, guess it's a real gun after all.
We have to get in there.
That man may have the name
of the person who ordered Liz's murder.
-So we do nothing?
-Give it a minute.
I'm not losing sleep
over some criminal banker.
Where are the police?
Someone must've heard that.
But you called it. There are no police.
This isn't even an active station.
That's why they brought us
in the back door. Just you and me.
-I need an ambulance.
-I need a name.
I keep a backup log of all transactions
with a colleague in Riga.
Just numbers on paper.
Oh, God.
I didn't want it to play out like this,
but now that it has,
just get me the name.
It's me.
Ego confido in pecunia 123.
I need the transfer history
of account number 4626329.
Just give me the last line details.
Client 4836924. Got it.
-Okay.
4836924.
You know who it is. Tell me.
Hawkins.
Hedwig Hawkins.
Heddie?
That can't be.
Numbers don't lie.
Wait, I need an ambulance.
[Raymond] It'll be here.
You followed me down here?
You are absolutely incorrigible,
sweetheart.
-Your sister allowed this?
-She didn't know I left.
She was out shopping for her ceremony.
Oh, my God. We are going to pay.
At least give her a call.
Let her know you're safe.
I told you you're not well enough yet.
If something happens--
You needed a ride. So sit back.
Thank you.
Jesus.
This is Federal Agent Zuma.
I need an ambulance for a gunshot wound
at Gulf and Aviation right now.
His blood's dark.
I think the bullet hit his liver.
Knew this would happen.
-We got the name, didn't we?
-We did.
God help Heddie.
This is all from Lacroix's home office?
I had an evidence team bag
every shelf and cabinet near his desk.
That's where Val was told
to start the fire.
Someone wanted to make sure
it burned more than anywhere else.
I'll start at this end,
you start at that end.
You know why I'm here helping you
and not down in Florida
with the rest of the team?
I figured you'd tell me
when you were comfortable.
I've been demoted to a desk role.
The headaches?
I don't blame Aram.
He only did what I asked.
I was honest in my own review.
He did his job by submitting it.
But I'm frustrated.
Believe me, I know a thing or two
about feeling frustrated lately.
We just keep working.
How was Gramercy when you left?
[Ressler] Headed into surgery.
Lost a lot of blood. It was 50-50.
Worse, he realized it was
a ruse before Raymond shot him.
He didn't think we were real FBI.
Which means we have to let him go.
-It's the only way to protect Reddington.
-We need to protect Heddie.
Is it conceivable
she could be behind any of this?
All we have is an account that led
to her name. We don't know enough.
Reddington will kill her.
He's already left one for dead.
We need to keep Heddie alive.
I told Raymond. This isn't just about
the person that ordered Elizabeth's death.
It's also about that person
framing Harold.
Dembe's right. Whatever Heddie knows,
whatever she's done,
she's Cooper's best chance.
We need to stay ahead of Reddington.
-Does anyone know where Heddie is?
-She has a condo in Miami.
There's a helipad in Islamorada.
I'll send a chopper.
[salsa music playing over speakers]
[cell phone buzzing]
[tense music playing]
Want that one?
What a good girl!
One more strawberry. Do you want that one?
All I can hear right now
is Heddie's laugh.
All these years, that laugh.
No, no, no.
It's Heddie. I guarantee it's unlocked.
She was just here.
And then she was tipped off.
Okay, I got out.
[Dembe] We'll be on the ground
in five minutes.
We'll pick you up around the corner
at Flamingo Park.
I'm on my way.
[Dembe] Is it true?
Is what true?
I don't know what I'm being accused of.
Did you have something to do
-with Keen's death?
-What?
How could you--?
Is that what you think?
Is that what Raymond thinks?
I don't know what's going on here,
but I never did anything
to hurt Elizabeth.
You have to believe me.
-Dembe. Come on.
-[cell phone ringing]
Actually, Heddie,
he's the one you'll have to convince.
-Raymond.
-I know you have her.
We're trying to keep her safe.
You know what
she could be responsible for?
Raymond, you're blinded
by anger right now.
You'd execute her
before you can get answers.
Harold is counting on those answers.
So is the rest of the FBI.
And so are you.
You cannot kill Heddie
before you get the truth.
I'll tell you what this reminds me of.
The coast of Madagascar in 2010,
on that stunning Spirit sloop.
All that beautiful mahogany brightwork.
What was it, 80, 90 feet?
A hundred and eleven.
And then we saw the skiffs.
Pirates out of Nacala.
I wanted to fight. We were armed for it.
High seas adventure.
But you insisted we stand down.
What was it you said to me?
Surrendering loses us nothing we'll miss
but gives them the world.
Not one shot was fired.
They took the boat, the brandy,
my Sea-Dweller.
-I loved that watch.
-You got another.
Spent six hours,
us and the crew, in a tiny life raft.
Ah. Dembe, I've always respected
your level-headedness.
Your refusal to just say "yes."
Your willingness to put me in my place.
I hardly see how what I said then
applies to now.
I don't either. I was just killing time
till we caught up with you.
Hello, Heddie. Let's go.
-All right, come on.
-[groans]
[tires screeching]
Harold, take a look at this.
Lacroix had
a hell of a movie collection, right?
Then I opened this one.
There's some minor security here.
Just a password protection.
Give me a minute to go ahead and--
Here we go. It's loading now.
So, what is it?
A digitized record
of payment of some kind.
Both Lacroix and Reggie Cole were involved
in those civil settlement shakedowns.
-Could this be that?
-A lot of names here.
That must've been bigger
than Lacroix and Cole.
Let's look for the names
with the biggest numbers.
Here, Lawrence Knell and Angela Sherwood.
Who are they?
Angela Sherwood for sure and--
Yup, Knell too.
Lawyers at the same law firm.
Let's find out what they know.
Where are you headed?
We got a lead. Maybe promising.
-We don't know yet.
-Can I come with you?
-You don't know what you're walking into.
-I can't.
It'd be a violation of Bureau protocol
and I have to pay attention to that now.
I'm sorry, Alina,
but you're out of the field.
[Marvin] I can't believe this.
Gramercy died in surgery two hours ago
of a gunshot wound.
Collateral damage
was always a possibility.
News is spreading like wildfire,
and his people knew
that he was meeting with you.
I've got half the criminal underworld
asking me if my boss
murdered the head of Caelum Bank.
-Do you understand?
-I do. I don't care.
I have what I was after.
-And I'm bringing her back.
-Her?
It was Heddie, Marvin.
All roads led to Heddie.
And so help me,
she will atone for her sins.
I'm taking her to the warehouse where
I'm going to get to know my friend Heddie.
If that's the case, I might be
able to add to your interrogation.
How so?
You asked me to look into that account.
That wasn't the only digging I did.
I don't wanna speak too soon.
I have to confirm something first.
But I may have a special guest
for you by the time you're back.
We'll be there in three hours.
We have your names here.
We have dollar amounts.
Reginald Cole was bringing cases
to Tyson Lacroix
who fraudulently settled
those cases and kept the money.
If the two of you weren't involved,
then you knew about it.
-How long--?
-Stop.
We know we're screwed. We knew the minute
you showed up at the firm.
[Sherwood] We'll deal.
Statutory immunity
and we'll tell you what we know.
This isn't difficult.
-Give me a sample.
-[Sherwood] We can give names.
More names than are in that document.
Lacroix kept records
but he wasn't Claudius.
We can't give you Claudius, though.
We don't have that information.
Claudius? Who is that?
The mastermind. The architect
of the whole damn spider's web.
-He dreamed the whole thing up.
-Forcing settlements
while never repping the clients
and pocketing all the money?
It was genius.
Every one of us kicked back
a percentage of every case to Claudius.
There must've been a way
you kept in touch.
Everything was anonymous e-mails,
burner phones.
Real cloak-and-dagger type stuff.
[Knell] I never believed
there was a Claudius.
Somebody, somewhere would say
they met him or her. But I never did.
Me, neither.
Like I said, we can give you other names.
[Knell] But we can't help you
with the name you want.
Raymond, I'm innocent.
I don't understand
what's going on, but I'm--
No. Please, I've heard every variation
on that theme before
and I don't wanna hear it.
No more bloviating.
What does that mean?
It means I could wax poetic
about the nature of betrayal
or be begging your forgiveness.
And you know what?
Either way, I talk too much.
And so do you. I'm tired.
So please, do me a favor, and shut up.
[grunts]
What have you done?
You know everything we're looking for
depends on Heddie.
You almost killed Dembe and Ressler.
I most certainly did not.
The airbags deployed
and their egos were bruised.
You can't say that for Harris Gramercy,
I found out.
That was poor luck.
But it provided me
with one of the answers I'm looking for.
If you kill that woman,
we'll lose everything valuable
she has to say about
all that's been going on,
including how to find
this mastermind Claudius.
I could never let her testify
in open court, Harold. You know that.
-What are you gonna do?
-Hold my own trial.
Don't worry,
I'll get answers for the both of us.
You can count on it.
Agent Park, are you here
to make a claim for Heddie, as well?
I came to ask a favor.
I have a lot on my mind this evening.
But what can I do for you?
I wanna help. With all that's going on--
-You want a job?
-Not a job. Just to stay a part of this.
If you're close to Keen's killer,
I'm good at what I do.
Hmm. That's quite a bold line
for me to cross.
I admit I've made that leap before,
but at the moment,
I'm swimming in hot water
with Harold and the FBI as it is.
The FBI doesn't want me anymore.
They've made that clear.
Alina, I can see you're suffering.
And with your maladies as they are,
there's no task I can afford
or even feel right about offering you.
I've had about all I can stand
of people telling me
what I can and can't do.
Sorry. I've made
enough mistakes for one day.
-You're making another one right now.
-I can't help you today, Agent Park.
I need to attend
to another matter at hand.
[yelps]
Are you all right?
I'm fine. I can take care of myself.
[Weecha] Raymond, Heddie is waking up.
[Raymond] We'll talk tomorrow.
You should exit out the back.
This is it.
Not one stone has been unturned.
The lawyers were a dead end.
Reddington has Heddie.
We can't give up.
I appreciate your faith.
-But what else is there to do?
-Do it all again.
All of this?
Park found that record on a disc
somewhere where it wasn't supposed to be.
What else is here that we might've missed?
-We didn't miss anything.
-Wanna bet your life on that?
Or wanna help me look again?
Didn't expect anyone to be here.
I guess I just love my job.
Double-checking Tyson Lacroix's
entire John Grisham movie collection.
You've been gone a while. You okay?
I went to Reddington
and offered him my help.
Don't worry, he rejected me too.
-I don't have a place there, either.
-Of course not.
Because your place is with us.
Desk work doesn't have
the thrill of the field,
but what we do in here,
it saves lives too.
Help save mine.
Right now, I could really use you.
Here. Take the other half of this pile.
I think I'm going cross-eyed.
Marvin will be back in a moment.
Now is the time to speak freely.
You think that I had something
to do with Elizabeth's death?
But why? What reason would I have?
History's full of unlikely characters
in unlikely events.
But how? The coordination alone,
forget about the planning,
and you never found out?
That's something you believe?
You either had help
or you helped someone else.
Helped who?
Or helped from who? From where?
Do I look anything
other than hopelessly alone right now?
Raymond, this is Micky Croft.
Micky is the arms trade
along the Canadian border.
Yes, I know who he is.
Your reputation precedes you
as reasonable and reliable.
Likewise.
I was looking for any of our people
who might have been disloyal,
maybe shopped around their services.
And that's when I found Micky,
heard his story.
She came to me--
Has to be three years ago now.
Said she was looking
for employment opportunities.
Said she was done with how you ran things.
She showed me how you cook your books.
-She's a real whiz with dodging tax law.
-Yes, she is.
[Micky] I only listened 'cause I thought
she was all the way gone from you.
Heddie.
What do you want me to say?
You never thought I was anything special.
I was overlooked,
so I went hunting for work.
Should I be killed
for wanting a better job?
Micky, I appreciate you coming.
I won't forget it.
Now, if you wouldn't mind finding your way
back out to the comfort of Marvin's car...
[Marvin] Thanks, Micky.
Let's get on with it.
It's late. Sun will be up soon.
Make it quick.
Do you want a moment?
For what?
Now we have to deal with the fact
that I killed Harris Gramercy.
His clients will be out for blood.
You wanna deal with that this minute?
We'll fly to Latvia.
Several of his biggest clients
are based thereabouts.
If we can call a meeting,
perhaps we can plead our case.
Jet's waiting on the runway.
[gunshot, then body thuds]
Marvin, you coming?
Hi, hon. I know it's late.
I'll be here a while. They need me.
I am watching a wedding video
of two people that are dead.
Hey, you asked.
Okay, I'll text when--
Hon, I gotta go.
One of the videos was the Lacroix wedding.
Exactly as it was labeled.
Nothing to see there.
Except I watched it anyway.
You're right, it's not a thrill,
but damn it if desk work
isn't gonna save your life.
[woman] That's enough
embarrassing stories.
And now, someone who's very special
to both Tyson and Michelle.
A lifelong friend and Tyson's best man.
[Marvin] To Michelle and Tyson,
I love you guys so much.
May I only find my own Michelle one day.
To Michelle and Tyson.
May their marriage be blessed forever.
Cheers.
-[cell phone ringing]
-So it's 8:00 a.m. in Latvia.
We have 10 hours of flying time--
Hold that thought.
-Harold.
-Where are you?
I'm on the plane. A red-eye to Riga.
Marvin's here too.
Reddington, listen to me.
You cannot trust Marvin Gerard.
Come again?
Lacroix and Marvin were old friends.
Known each other for decades.
I can't connect all the dots,
but something is very wrong.
Harold, I appreciate the call.
What is Edward doing?
Are we going to take off soon?
He's probably flipping switches,
checking gauges, plotting our course.
What--? What's going on?
What is this? I don't understand.
I'm sure Heddie is as interested as I am
to hear how and why you did what you did.
So I'm gonna have a drink.
-I'll pour.
-Hmm.
And I hope your story is good.
Your life depends on it.
["Child In Time" playing]
[Marvin] I am the most loyal to you
and always have been.
But I never swore an oath
to Elizabeth Keen.
I never made it a secret
that I didn't trust her.
She was unworthy and unqualified.
To have her run things?
Over my dead body.
Careful what you wish for, Marvin.
Everything I did, I did
in the best interests of your empire.
After Elizabeth's death,
when you took off,
I kept things going as best I could.
And I did a pretty damn good job.
When you came back,
I thought you'd finally be over it.
You've lived your life
with so much death and loss.
You've always gotten over it.
But you were utterly determined to get
to the bottom of how she died.
And I couldn't let that happen.
I've tried everything I could
to slow you down, to stop you.
I went after your money.
I had my own friends killed.
I went after Harold.
Nothing worked.
You just kept coming.
So then, you went after me.
Serving you up, Heddie,
was a last resort to protect
my life with Raymond.
That's all I am anymore.
That's my life. Raymond Reddington.
What a waste.
What a terrible, terrible waste.
How did you figure it out?
I didn't.
I've gone over it and over it.
Thought of it and thought of it.
I remember the day Elizabeth died
better than entire years of my life.
I remember what she wore.
The smell of rain in the air.
The sound of her voice.
The last words she spoke.
The look in her eyes in that moment.
That last moment.
When she looked at me,
as if for the first time,
seeing me for who I really was.
But I'd forgotten about the headache.
Until today, when Agent Park
was in front of me with her headache.
And a glass shattered.
All the time I spent agonizing
over that GPS tracker
that Elizabeth ingested,
where it came from...
But I'd forgotten
about Elizabeth's headache.
The morning of her death,
we stopped by your office to sign
some paperwork, transfer some holdings.
We had tea. She had coffee.
What was in it?
She got a headache.
You gave her aspirin.
That's how you bugged her.
You did it right in front of me.
Why this ruse with Heddie
at the warehouse, the gunshot?
[Heddie] I can answer that.
Raymond wanted to make you feel safe.
Feel safe for what?
To get you on the plane.
It'll be a nice long flight.
Gives us time
to clear your offices and apartment,
the place at the beach.
Enough time to sift through everything...
and decide what to do with you.
[cell phone ringing]
Don't you need to get that?
Actually, it's for you.
Excuse me?
When I drove to the warehouse...
I didn't know if I was in the clear yet,
so I put a small insurance plan in place.
Just in case.
I sent a panic alert
with this watch five minutes ago.
If my shooter doesn't hear from me
in the next two minutes,
he'll splatter her lovely mind
all over that trailer.
I'm walking off this plane,
and you are going to let me--
Weecha. Weecha, he'll kill her.
Stop it. Stop.
I never wanted any of this.
You've got an odd way of showing it.
Wow.
You. You are the one
who showed me the way.
Those recordings you left for Elizabeth,
telling her how to run things.
I ran them while you were gone,
I've run them since you've been back.
May the best man win, old friend.
-Good luck, Claudius.
-[Weecha groans]
-Raymond, help! Breathe.
-Weecha.
Weecha. Weecha. Weecha.
Weecha!
[theme music playing]